Gmail   : tradeoliveindia@gmail.com
Contact : +91 97027 78709
Address : 103. Floor-1. Plot-1252, C, Abhijeet Building, Shantaram Shirdhankar Road Mumbai Mumbai City MH 400025 IN

Font: Roboto,system-ui

[ Home ]

[ Mission & Vission ]

Vission

We set our foot in the industry with a vision to “Educate Trade” to people that are willing to expand and abide in the stock market in the long run. We envision to explain and make the present and future generations realise the power of the stock market and its ability to help people reach financial independence, stability and achieve growth in a time span that no other platform or field can offer.

Mission

“Our aim is to create a community of traders that together master and discover the nooks and corners of the trading world, and that evolve as trading ninjas, undefeatable on the grounds of trade finance.” At Trade-O-Live we utilise various platforms to connect together advancing traders and investors that can cooperatively or solely take advantage of one another’s trading expertise make expert-monitored decisions, enlarging their grip on the trading grounds.

[ Why Us ]

What makes us different

At Trade-O-Live, we just don’t offer investment insights and services, we offer an unmatched experience that takes you to new heights. We go beyond strategies and help you develop a mindset that you need for the market because in order to make money, the mind matters! We ensure to impart knowledge and give tips that stay with you at every phase of your trading journey and yield profits. Trading is about making the right choices, and through our courses and services, we acquaint you to make the right one

[ Services ]

Services That Guide Your Way to the Top

At Trade-O-Live, we add fuel to the passion for people that hold a penchant for the stock market. With our in-depth understanding of the industry and the unique strategies, we carve a path of excellence for you that makes your investment worth it. At every part of the process, we always strive to offer good returns by helping you make the right investment. At Trade-O-Live, we move beyond the herd mentality and get into the depths of businesses to help you make distinct yet the right choice. Our team offers an investment environment that caters to every individual's unique needs. Since the very beginning, we have always strived to offer the finest services that generate value that is attained by only a few. With our expertise and certain inclusions such as intraday calls, bank nifty options, marketing insights and a lot more, Trade-O-Live makes trading an easy task and lets you bask in the benefits of prudent investment choices.


[ About ]

About Founder
Priyanshu Shirshat

Priyanshu Shirshat is a young entrepreneur and trading enthusiast who started his journey in the stock market at the age of 14. Despite facing challenges, he taught himself the ins and outs of the trade market and became well-acquainted with various corners of the trading world. At 18, he founded Trade-O-Live to share his knowledge and help others achieve success in the stock market.

Through Trade-O-Live, Priyanshu mentors and connects with young, aspiring traders to help them navigate the trading world. He shares his journey, learnings, and knowledge about the stock market, and encourages others to pursue their dreams and make the most out of the trading world. Priyanshu's motto is "Dream It Own It" and he strives to help others do the same.


[ Award and Reward ]

For his achievements in the field of trading and investments, the sailor of our ship, our maestro, Priyanshu received the award for the “IFA Youngest Entrepreneur in Stock Market” at the IFA Awards 2021 that was held in the month of November 2021 in Delhi. He was felicitated by the well-known cinema face Mr. Sonu Sood.

image Link : 



[ Contact ]

Gmail   : tradeoliveindia@gmail.com
Contact : +91 97027 78709
Address : 103. Floor-1. Plot-1252, C, Abhijeet Building, Shantaram Shirdhankar Road Mumbai Mumbai City MH 400025 IN



https://github.com/topics/text-animation


youtube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCB-Wm308SMDDQUxbVQlkPqQ?app=desktop

instagram
https://www.instagram.com/trade_o_live/

link



https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyanshu-shirsat-743884227/?originalSubdomain=in